I am a junior Computer Science student at Illinois Institute of Technology,
currently pursuing a co-terminal Bachelor's and Master's degree. In the field of
Computer Science, I am interested in video game development and system
architectures. Ever since I could remember, I have wondered how different
computer systems were designed and interacted with each other, so some of my
goals include understanding these systems to be able to improve upon them with
my own ideas.

My first experience programming a computer occurred when I was about ten years
old. At a family gathering, my cousin showed me some cool new things she had
learned in her 8th grade Web Design class. It was then that I wrote my first
HTML page using the standards of that era. Our lessons stopped there,
unfortunately, and for many years I was writing pages strictly with HTML and no
other technologies like CSS, JavaScript, or back-end languages. My sites were
ugly, but they did the job of displaying content. Since then I have learned a
lot more about web design, but through this class I hope to improve my skills
and standardize my web design style.

A hobby of mine is organizing and competing in electronic sports like League of
Legends. In high school I created a gaming club focused around Super Smash Bros.
Melee, a simple but very technically-deep game. The club grew quickly, as did
our events. I used my abilities in web design to create a website for the club
and wrote applications that streamlined club processes. In addition to these
things, I created marketing materials and graphics for each tournament live
stream. The work so far has culminated into a massive event we held in the
summer of 2017, where I combined my experience of TOing (tournament organizing)
with programming to create an event that imitated professional gaming
tournaments like EVO.
